Clarify that tests is backwards compatible to data_tests (#5859)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/data-tests.md

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.8">
  
Data tests were historically called "tests" in dbt as the only form of testing available. With the introduction of unit tests in v1.8, the key was renamed from `tests:` to `data_tests:`. 

> `tests:` is still supported in your YML configuration files for backwards-compatibility purposes, and you might see it in use in some of our documentation. You can't have a `tests` and a `data_tests` key associated with the same resource (e.g. a single model) at the same time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt still supports `tests:` in your YML configuration files for backwards-compatibility purposes, and you might see it used throughout our documentation. However, you can't have a `tests` and a `data_tests` key associated with the same resource (e.g. a single model) at the same time.
```

</File>

> To suppress warnings about the rename, add `TestsConfigDeprecation` to the `silence` block of the `warn_error_options` flag in `dbt_project.yml`, [as described in the Warnings documentation](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/global-configs/warnings).

Reviewer: We can change this warning name once this issue is addressed https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-core/issues/10504

Author: [I checked here](https://dbt-labs.slack.com/archives/C05FWBP9X1U/p1722504680313799?thread_ts=1722303179.086539&cid=C05FWBP9X1U), and the TestConfigDeprecation name itself won't change, just the warning message it returns. (Because changing that name would itself be a breaking change!)
